docs(browser): add render libraries examples (#9325)
vitest-dev/vitest: docs/api/browser/react.md

:::

The package exposes two entry points: `vitest-browser-react` and `vitest-browser-react/pure`. They exposes almost identical API (`pure` also exposes `configure`), but the `pure` entry point doesn't add a handler to remove the component before the next test has started.

## render

```ts
export function render(
  ui: React.ReactNode,
  options?: ComponentRenderOptions,
): Promise<RenderResult>
```

:::warning
Note that `render` is asynchronous, unlike in other packages. This is to support [`Suspense`](https://react.dev/reference/react/Suspense) correctly.

```tsx
import { render } from 'vitest-browser-react'
const screen = render(<Component />) // [!code --]
const screen = await render(<Component />) // [!code ++]
```
:::

### Options

#### container

By default, Vitest will create a `div` and append it to the `document.body` and this is where your component will be rendered. If you provide your own `HTMLElement` container via this option, it will not be appended to the `document.body` automatically.

> For example, if you are unit testing a `tablebody` element, it cannot be a child of a `div`. In this case, you can specify a `table` as the render container.

Reviewer: The HTML element is just `tbody`

```jsx
const table = document.createElement('table')

const { container } = await render(<TableBody {...props} />, {
  container: document.body.appendChild(table),

> })

Author: I am confused - it does use `document.body.appendChild(table)`

This is useful when the component you want to test renders something outside the container `div`, e.g. when you want to snapshot test your portal component which renders its HTML directly in the body.

:::tip
The queries returned by the `render` looks into `baseElement`, so you can use queries to test your portal component without the `baseElement`.
:::

### locator

The [locator](/api/browser/locators) of your `container`. It is useful to use queries scoped only to your component, or pass it down to other assertions:

```jsx
import { render } from 'vitest-browser-react'

const { locator } = await render(<NumberDisplay number={1} />)

await locator.getByRole('button').click()
await expect.element(locator).toHaveTextContent('Hello World')
```

### debug

```ts
export function debug(
  el?: HTMLElement | HTMLElement[] | Locator | Locator[],
  maxLength?: number,
  options?: PrettyDOMOptions,
): void
```

This method is a shortcut for `console.log(prettyDOM(baseElement))`. It will print the DOM content of the container or specified elements to the console.

### rerender

```ts
export function rerender(ui: React.ReactNode): Promise<void>
```

> It is better if you test the component that's doing the prop updating to ensure that the props are being updated correctly to avoid relying on implementation details in your tests. That said, if you'd prefer to update the props of a rendered component in your test, this function can be used to update props of the rendered component.

Reviewer: Feels a bit weird to start with what not to do (altho I understand the sentiment), what about wording it like this?

```suggestion
Re-renders your component with new props.

When possible, prefer testing prop changes through the parent component that passes them. This keeps your tests decoupled from implementation details. That said, when you need to test a component's response to prop changes directly, that's what `rerender` is for.
```
